Feat: add support page (#910)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/support.md

+++
title = "Support"
description = "Support for deploying and using KEDA"
+++

> ## OSS support
> KEDA is an open-source project under CNCF Foundation and provides best-effort to support its community of users.
> 
> We have a nice community that is always happy to help each other. We support our users either via GitHub discussions or [#Keda](https://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/CKZJ36A5D) channel on the [Kubernetes slack](https://slack.k8s.io/). We use GitHub for tracking bugs and feature requests.

Reviewer: I'd align a bit with our support policy and point to it:
```suggestion
## Open-Source (OSS) support
KEDA is an open-source project under CNCF Foundation and provides best-effort support and use GitHub for tracking bugs and feature requests.

Want to contribute a feature or fix? We are more than happy to review requests and contributions, but recommend going through our [contribution guide](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Learn more in our [support policy](https://github.com/kedacore/governance/blob/main/SUPPORT.md).
```

Reviewer: Fine by me

Author: alright

## Kubernetes support
The supported window of Kubernetes versions with KEDA is known as "N-2" which means that KEDA will provide support for running on N-2 at least.

However, maintainers can decide to extend this by supporting more minor versions based on the required CRDs being used; but there is no guarantee.

> > Example - At time of writing, Kubernetes 1.19 is the latest minor version so KEDA can only use new features that were introduced in 1.17

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Example - At time of writing, Kubernetes 1.25 is the latest minor version so KEDA can only use new features that were introduced in 1.23
```

You can learn more about the currently supported Kubernetes version in our [FAQ](https://keda.sh/docs/latest/faq/).

> ## Commercial support

Reviewer: I'm leaning towards showing this before Kubernetes support as this is more important, thoughts @JorTurFer @zroubalik ?

Author: Alright. would prioritize appropriately
